---
title: TMU Liquid Rocketry
date: 2025-07-08
comments: true
authors:
  - zeul
  - kolya
# categories:
#   - 4" Avionics
#   - Purchases
---

# Message from the New Team Captains

Thank you, Shivesh, for entrusting us with the captain roles! We look forward to reviving and working with the team throughout the year.

We defined our main tasks for the upcoming year: 

1. Reboot the team.
2. Re-establish the team hierarchy with a dedicated director, technical directors, and clear layers of responsibility.
3. Hire across all sub-teams, with a primary focus on building strong, self-sustaining logistics teams.
4. Ensure self-sufficiency. Perhaps our most important objective as new directors is to make the team self-sustaining so that, when we step down a year from now, it can prosper and transition smoothly.
5. Draft a new team constitution to formalize the team structure on paper.
6. Create a robust training program and multi-layered projects as part of the hiring process.
7. Mentor new leadership to replace us a year from now and prepare for a self-sustaining future.
8. Advance the technical roadmap. We will continue developing bi-propellant engines; static engine testing has been—and will remain—a core activity. The Mojave project will be integrated into recruitment efforts and will foster collaboration with other rocketry teams such as MetRocketry and MARS. We look forward to working with the talented people in both groups.

That being said, let’s go over the main key points in this announcement in order to understand the current team’s vector:

---

## Mojave Sphinx Project

The **Mojave Sphinx**, a former [MARS](https://marstmu.com/) project, will now be solely a TMU Liquid Rocketry project. All MARS members working on the project will be transferred over. The Mojave Sphinx is a flight-weight bipropellant liquid rocket, so it makes the most sense to house it under TMU Liquid Rocketry.

## T&C

- Now stands for Telemetry & Control
- An [avionics division](https://tmurocketry.com/4in-Liquid-Rocket/avionics/) has been created within T&C to focus on flight-weight avionics hardware and software.  
- The two electronics enclosures will be integrated into **one**. A meeting will be scheduled to discuss details.
- more details will be discussed during weekly meetings. 

## Media & Logistics

This new team combines **BizDev** and the **S&L** team.

> **Standing meeting:**  
> **When:** Mondays, 4 p.m.  
> **Where:** In-person (starting next Monday)  
> **Frequency:** Twice a week (second meeting time tbd)

## Propulsion

The Propulsion sub-team will **remain unchanged** for now.

## Future Projects

- We will proceed with the **SABRE hot-fire**; however, it will **not** be fired at Launch Canada this year.  
- Mojave sphinx rocket will be launched at LC. MACH is still a go for Launch Canada. 
- Work continues toward a **flight-weight rocket (Mojave Project)** to fly this year. Next year, we plan to scale it up. Collaboration with **Met Rocketry** for the airframe is possible and we will be discussing this with Metrocketry’s captains and leads. 

We will be having a town-hall meeting next week in order to bring everyone on board of our new leadership, plans of action and listen to what you guys expect from us and the team in general. 